hey there guys this is the new mo you
haul on in it's pretty good so this is
the latest and greatest three by three
released from the mo you company and it
is the way long version 3 and I think
you'll find that it has some using
similarities in it as well this is what
the pieces look like the Walla long is
directly in the middle you can see it
has the open corner design like the
Ewing here on the right and the edge is
very similar to the second version of
the way long which is on the left it
doesn't have nearly as blocky as of
design with the using and it also has
the three-piece corner design which is a
lot better they did make the corner
stock a bit thicker which helps with the
corner twisted problem they gave the
edge a bit more of a curviness to it as
opposed to the more straight versions
that they've been going with before
returning on it is a little bit on the
fast side and was uncontrollable at
first after added a little bit of
Education that was fine though all
around I like the turning style very
much on it I found for one-handed
solving even though it is bigger than my
main I can still control it pretty
decently the quarter cutting on this
with the open hole design is pretty nice
does quite a bit and reverse is good as
well because it's got the curved
underneath the open part so it helps it
to do better reverse corner-cutting then
the yu yang does I think with all the
tribes mo has taken at a similar design
service whether it be with the two
versions of way lungs or how long they
really nailed it with this one and
there's not too much they're going to be
able to improve after this I think you
can get this cubic use your speed comet
is currently on sale for only fourteen
dollars which is a pretty nice price
compared with even all the other three
by threes that have been coming out I'd
recommend checking it out at q's for
speed to just about anybody even if your
bid on the slower side it's still going
to be a pretty nice cube for you and
will give you a lot of room to progress
quickly my final thoughts I would like
to say that I have been thoroughly
enjoying this cube it is
one of my favorites and probably going
to use it a lot from here on out I'd
like to take this time to thank
everybody so very much for watching
goodbye